
Name: Kslone
Title: What Type of Communicator Are You? 


Growing up, I learned to be seen and not heard-much of the time. It was not until I was in my
mid-teens, where I felt I was starting to be heard. However, hearing is really only one layer of
the multi layered cake that is communication. This affected me in my marriage. I even gave
myself the name of the shut down queen, and let me tell you-I had to work on myself. I did not
know until grad school about the many forms of communication. All of the couples that come to
me, struggle with this very component, because like above, it is many layers to communication.
First, what type of communicator are you? You need to know where you in order to get to where
you are going. So I created a brief quiz, to help you understand what type of communicator you
are.
1. I can be very blunt when talking to my partner.
a.Yes (will be an aggressive communicator)
2. I lie to avoid an argument (say nothing is wrong, when something really is)
a. Yes (passive communicator)
3. I often struggle with taking accountability for my actions.
a. Yes (passive communicator)
4. Sometimes the way I communicate hurts my partner.
a. Yes (Aggressive Communicator)
5. My honesty comes across in a very appropriate manner.
a. Yes (Assertive) communicator
6. I take time to understand my partner’s emotions and not just my own.
a. Yes (Assertive Communicator)
7. I am always right
a. Yes (Aggressive)
8. I admit that I sometimes consider my needs as more important than my partner’s
a. Yes (Aggressive)
9. I can sometimes be indirect (speaking under my breath, making backhanded,
sarcastic comments) a. Yes (Passive Aggressive)
10. Do you repeatedly make excuses to avoid certain people (Yes/No)(passive aggressive)
11. Do you communicate more non-verbally (body language) than verbally? Passive Aggressive
12. I know how to say no and have established healthy boundaries in my life. (Yes/No) Assertive communicaton



Your communication style is Passive Aggressive:
These type of communicators:
~Struggles with accountability
~Harbors their emotions, but speak as if everything is fine
~Likes to keep the tension down, even if it means their voice isn't heard
~Most like to communicate non-verbally


Your communication style is: Aggressive
These type of communicators:
~Try to remain in control
~Speak with the intent to do harm or hurt their partners feelings.
~Can be intimidating
~Often speak in a condescending manner


Your communication style is Assertive:
These type of communicators:
~Understands the needs of their partners
~Can set clear boundaries
~Confident in the ability to manage conflict
~Can speak clearly and in a manner that is understood


Your communication style is Passive:
These type of communicators:
~Can easily shut down
~Avoids expressing their needs
~Has their guard up most times (maybe due to fear, past breakups)
~May ignore your own personal needs, and sometimes place others’ ahead of yours.


Learning the way you communicate is essential to how you create a bond with your partner. Not
only that, but your other relationships as well. When I learned how to become better at
communicating, I became a better spouse, friend, and mother. If you are ready to lean into your
love and grow your relationship, communication is the first building block to my program. If you
are ready to elevate your love click here to schedule your free consultation today.